website/content/framework/_index.md, before:

+++
title = "Framework"
author = ["MayaDevGenI Collaboration"]
lastmod = 2026-02-05T16:59:18+01:00
tags = ["framework"]
draft = false
+++

The MayaDevGenI Framework for Human–Machine Collaboration.


## Overview {#overview}

The [manifesto](/manifesto/) poses a question: how do we recover productive friction when working with intelligence that is eager to please?

This framework develops answers through multiple components:

-   **[System-Prompt Engineering](/framework/system-prompt-engineering/)**: Shaping LLM behavior through carefully crafted initial constraints
-   **[Tool Integration](/framework/tool-integration/)**: Enabling the LLM to act in the world—reading, searching, modifying
-   **Context Management**: Governing what information flows into and out of the conversation
-   **Project Memory**: Maintaining continuity across sessions and preserving learnings
-   **Agent Architecture**: Structuring single and multi-agent systems
-   **Evaluation and Iteration**: Testing, refining, and evolving the collaboration

For hands-on practice, see the [system-prompt tutorial](/tutorial/).

Commit message:

feat(website): add co-ownership, tool-use, and skills content
New pages:
- /framework/co-ownership/ — co-ownership briefing report with templates
- /framework/tool-use/ — full tool-use tutorial (decision trees, catalogs,
  failure modes, XML schema, case studies)
- /tutorial/08-skills/ — chapter 08 on portable skills for agents

Updated:
- Framework index: links to both new framework pages
- About page: new "Practice" bullet for co-ownership and tool-use
- ox-hugo-export.org: wired all three new sections for future ox-hugo export

website/content/framework/_index.md, after:

+++
title = "Framework"
author = ["MayaDevGenI Collaboration"]
lastmod = 2026-02-17T20:00:00+01:00
tags = ["framework"]
draft = false
+++

The MayaDevGenI Framework for Human–Machine Collaboration.


## Overview {#overview}

The [manifesto](/manifesto/) poses a question: how do we recover productive friction when working with intelligence that is eager to please?

This framework develops answers through multiple components:

-   **[System-Prompt Engineering](/framework/system-prompt-engineering/)**: Shaping LLM behavior through carefully crafted initial constraints
-   **[Tool Integration](/framework/tool-integration/)**: Enabling the LLM to act in the world—reading, searching, modifying
-   **[Tool Use Tutorial](/framework/tool-use/)**: Teaching an LLM to act—decision trees, tool catalogs, failure modes, and implementation patterns
-   **[Co-Ownership Briefings](/framework/co-ownership/)**: Designing artifacts and project briefings for human–machine co-ownership
-   **Context Management**: Governing what information flows into and out of the conversation
-   **Project Memory**: Maintaining continuity across sessions and preserving learnings
-   **Agent Architecture**: Structuring single and multi-agent systems
-   **Evaluation and Iteration**: Testing, refining, and evolving the collaboration

For hands-on practice, see the [system-prompt tutorial](/tutorial/).
